[cackles]
My darkness will
swallow the world,
just you wait and see!
You think I'll lose to you?
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!
Roger's treasure belongs to me!
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR]
In order to defeat one of the
Four Emperors of the New World,
the Straw Hats form
an alliance with Law.
Their current objective
is to destroy a man-made
Devil Fruit Factory in
the kingdom of Dressrosa.
Usopp freed citizens
who had been enslaved
and transformed into toys,
prompting Doflamingo to
trap the entire kingdom
inside a barrier known
as the "Birdcage"
and place bounties
on Luffy and his allies.
You have little time
for indecisiveness.
The longer this takes,
the more people fall,
the more buildings burn.
Either you kill me, or you take
out the 12 targeted criminals.
Now, let the games begin!
Maybe you need a reminder?
We were supposed to
destroy the factory
in order to provoke a conflict
between Kaido and Doflamingo.
Did it ever cross your mind
that if we prematurely
kill that bastard,
it'll only cause Kaido to
redirect his anger at us?
Is that what you really want?
To take on a pissed off Emperor?
Things don't always
work out. We have to.
Did you even think
of the kingdom?
If we chicken out now,
what'll happen to it?
Well, Admiral. What's the plan?
Get Doflamingo?
These people need our help.
We'll restrain the rowdy ones.
After that, we'll set our sights
on Straw Hat and Law.
Huh?
You heard me. Tell our men.
[TOWNSPEOPLE screaming]
[yells]
[TOWNSPEOPLE groaning]
[FUJITORA]
Shut it down.
[TOWNSPEOPLE murmuring]
[FUJITORA]
He who shoots often
may sometimes hit at last,
but not in this case.
The Navy Admiral.
[LAW gasping]
It's the gambling old guy!
[LUFFY]
"With a Rumbling of the Ground!
The God of Destruction -
Giant Pica Descends!"
[DELLINGER]
Hmm...
I'm about to go kick
Doflamingo's sorry ass.
You're in my way!
That's quite a mouth on you,
Straw Hat. However...
It'll take more than
words to shake me.
You wanna fight?
I don't suppose you'd back down?
[LAW grunts]
[LUFFY yelling]
[LUFFY grunting]
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE A]
Doflamingo!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE A panting]
Straw Hat Luffy
is getting ready to
fight the Marines!
He's gonna get his ass
whooped hard by Fujitora!
[DOFLAMINGO laughs]
Oh, yeah? Let them have fun.
[PICA]
You sure that's what you want?
[ALL gasp]
[PICA]
Why don't you let me at them?
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE B]
His voice!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE C]
Oh my god.
I'll thrash them all by myself!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES]
He's so shrill!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE G]
Why does such a huge dude
have such a squeaky voice?
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE H]
It always catches me off guard
no matter how many
times I hear it!
I'm gonna crack up
one of these times
and he's gonna put me
through a wall!
[DOFLAMINGO] Heh. There's no
need to rush things, Pica.
Just wait. Patience is key.
You could consider this
to be an election of sorts.
I humbly asked the
kingdom of Dressrosa
who is more fit
to be their ruler:
The Riku Family?
Or the Don Quixote Family?
It's the people's right
to choose their king.
It's only fair, after all.
But that's boring!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE D]
Now's not the time!
Do you have a death wish?
We should just exterminate
the pests and be done with it.
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE D] You
really gotta keep it in, man!
[DOFLAMINGO] We only need
to stomp out the ones
who directly oppose us.
We can sit back and watch
the rest devour one another.
But Doffy! I'd rather--
[laughing]
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES gasping]
I'm so sorry Master Pica!
Forgive him!
He's new around here!
He wasn't prepared to hear you.
Sorry! Sorry!
[PICA] Buried forever. You'll be
entombed in a sea of stones!
[gasping]
[BABY 5]
Wait, Lord Pica! Armsmorphosis!
Gatling Girl!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES murmur]
If you're gonna kill him,
you can at least leave
a body for his family.
I mean, we're not evil, right?
That's a good point.
Thanks, Baby 5!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE I screams]
[DOFLAMINGO]
You.
Y-Yes, sir!
[DOFLAMINGO]
Do you have a family?
Uh. Yeah, I do.
[DOFLAMINGO]
What about you?
Me? Yes! I do.
[DOFLAMINGO] I lost my mother
at the tender age of eight,
and killed my father
when I was ten.
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES gasp]
[DOFLAMINGO] The members who
hold ranks as Executives
are whom I consider
my closest family.
I've been through thick
and thin with them.
They are all that I've
got in this world.
To make jest of any of them
is absolutely unforgivable.
Am I clear?
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES]
Y-Yes, sir!
[PIRATE A] I heard the Five-star
Usopp is somewhere around here!
Start searchin'! This way!
[PIRATES yelling]
[PIRATE B]
Kill him!
Why do they want me?
Because the mighty Usoland is a
man worth 500 million berries!
Who wouldn't want a piece'a him?
A legend like you would have
a giant bounty, right?
[USOPP] It's not something
to be proud of!
I mean... Such is
the life of a hero.
Who could resist chasing after
a true champion like me?
Can't blame 'em.
[BOTH]
He is so cool!
[DWARVES]
Hooray! You saved the day!
Come on you guys.
[ROBIN] Stop fooling around,
we have to hurry.
Hey, Robin. How do we
make our way to Lucy?
[ROBIN] Look up. Because
of the terrain shift,
the coliseum wall is now
connected to the King's Plateau.
Let's take advantage of that.
We should find him
somewhere up there.
[PIRATES yelling]
[PIRATE C]
There they are!
Is it just me or are there a
whole bunch more of 'em now?
[HACK] Heh. Fine by me! Let me
show you how to clean house.
[REBECCA]
Hack?
[HACK]
Leave these vermin to me.
Move it, old guy!
You money-blinded fools
have no self-respect!
You've reduced yourselves
to Doflamingo's lap dogs.
[PIRATES yelling]
Let's go!
Four Thousand Brick Fist!
[PIRATES groaning]
[HACK exhales]
[PIRATE D]
That's them!
[PIRATES yell]
--Rebecca, run on ahead.
--[REBECCA] Robin!
It's pay day!
[BARTOLOMEO laughing]
Bartolomeo!
Oh! Hearing my name
coming from Miss Robin's
celestial lips
gives me such a rush!
I could die!
Now! Go with Mr. Sniper King.
I'll hold off the enemy.
Thank you!
Ohh! She thanked a
worthless grub like me!
I'm so fired up! Ain't no
one gonna get through!
Come on!
[LUFFY]
You're in my way! Move!
[ZORO] He's usin' that
weird technique again!
[ZORO grunting]
[DELLINGER]
Boo! Mr. Marine's
gonna hog all the
fun to himself.
Let's go check in on what
the Young Master's do-een.
Yeah, fine. Hey, where
did Señor run off to?
There's still a
score to eve-een.
Knowing how hard-boiled that man
is, he's probably looking to
wrap up that cybernetic
pervert's beat-een.
Having a hard-boiled
face off, huh?
[FRANKY yells]
[FRANKY] Hang in there,
Little People! I'm comin'!
I'm gonna super tear up
that SMILE factory
and free every last one of ya!
[USOPP]
We made it! But now what?
[LEO] How are we ever
gonna climb up there?
[FLAPPER gasping]
Allow me.
Cien Fleurs!
Spider Net!
[gasping]
[LEO, FLAPPER]
She is so cool!
[DWARVES]
Hooray! You saved the day!
Please stop doing that to me.
[ROBIN]
Leo, lead the way.
[LEO]
On it!
Hey, Bartolomeo! Hack!
Look! We found a way up!
Let's go.
To think Mister Luffy
and Mister Zoro
are up there in the flesh!
Wait for me! Imma coming!
Everything's comin' up roses!
[VIOLET] The key to Law's cuffs
should be somewhere around here.
There it is!
[VIOLET gasping]
Good news, Father!
Rebecca is down there!
She's what?
[PIRATE E] She's one of
the bounties! Grab her!
[REBECCA gasps]
[PIRATES yelling]
[TANK]
Back off!
[PIRATES groaning]
It can't be!
[REBECCA]
Tank!
[TANK]
Lady Rebecca!
I promise to protect you
with everything that I've got!
Huh?
Oh! Is that you there,
Captain Tank?
[gasps] It's King Riku!
I'm glad you're alive!
Grandfather!
Rebecca!
[REBECCA gasping]
[KYROS] Please await my arrival
just a bit longer, everyone!
I'm going to take back our
Dressrosa, no matter the cost!
[grunting]
[TOWNSMAN A]
A-Are you okay?
[KIN'EMON]
Just splendid.
Is this, by chance,
the junkyard?
[TOWNSMAN A]
Indeed, it is.
Ah yes, explains the surplus
of waste scattered about.
Hey, so what exactly
is going on up there?
Truthfully, I'm not
too sure myself.
Have you people perhaps
run into a samurai
by the name of Kanjuro?
[TOWNSMAN A]
Kanjuro?
--[rumbling]
--[TOWNSPEOPLE gasping]
[gasps] What the hell...?
[USOPP whimpers]
What is it?
Ugh, what now?
The ground!
Just what are they
attempting to do?
[TOWNSPEOPLE screaming]
Huh? Not again!
[screams]
Uh! Ah! What the
hell's happening?!
[screams]
No. It can't be!
[TOWNSPEOPLE screaming]
[ZORO grunts]
It can't be...
They're getting serious now!
No use even fighting
back against that guy.
Yeah, those pirates are dead.
[gasping]
[ZORO grunts]
[LUFFY]
What the hell is that?
[TOWNSMAN H]
A giant man!
[TOWNSMAN I]
He's huge!
The wall guy?
Pica!
Lord Pica!
[gasping]
[MACHVISE]
Iiin...
[TOWNSPEOPLE chattering]
[LUFFY gasping]
[PICA] Any fool who opposes our
Family will be answering to me.
[LUFFY, ZORO laugh]
[PICA]
Now, step forward and fight!
[LUFFY laughs]
His voice... is so high!
[laughing] It's funny!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES gasping]
[laughing continues]
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES]
Shh!
How does that even work?!
[LUFFY laughs]
[LUFFY]
Say something else!
[PICA]
Straw Hat!
Okay, stop!
I can't take anymore!
[LUFFY laughing]
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE P] Are you
crazy? You're gonna pay!
His voice is a real
sensitive issue!
Knock it off or he's gonna
flip out and kill us, too!
[screaming]
What'd I tell you?
What happens next falls
on your shoulders, pal!
[LUFFY] How can you guys keep
a straight face when he talks?
We just do! We don't wanna die!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES yelp]
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES scream]
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES, MARINES
screaming]
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE R]
Run for it!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE S] Brace
yourselves! 'Cause we're about
to get punched by a
whole freakin' castle!
[DELLINGER]
Ahh! Have mercy on us, Pica!
Our best chance to survive
this will be in the palace!
Keep run-iiin!
Being chased gives
me such a thrill!
I can feel that there's
trouble looming.
Admiral, a monster is coming!
We have to take cover!
Luffy! You really gotta stop
screwing with every enemy.
[PICA]
You'll never escape!
[ZORO]
Pfft!
See! It's so hard
not to crack up, huh?
[LAW]
Damn, you two.
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE T]
This ain't gonna be pretty!
[TOWNSPEOPLE screaming]
[LUFFY grunting]
[LAW]
Faster! We're gonna get crushed!
I know, Traffy!
[LUFFY grunts]
[screaming]
[ZORO gasps]
Luffy!
[LUFFY grunting, gasps]
[NARRATOR]
The colossal Pica
comes down hard on
Luffy and the island.
Accidently provoking the
wrath of the massive foe,
Luffy stands up to a level of
danger he's never faced before.
Now, former enemies
become allies
to bring down the behemoth
before setting their
sights on Doflamingo!
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"Gathering into
a Powerful Front!
Luffy and a Group
of Brutal Warriors!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!